Update README.md (#58)
kyma-incubator/third-party-images: fluent-bit/README.md

### Code modifications

The code of `out-sequentialhttp` is almost identical to `out-http`. The only difference is how msgpack to JSON transcoding/sending to the HTTP backend is done in the `cb_http_flush` function.

> >Note Even though the `out-sequentialhttp` plugin sends out logs one-by-one, retry is still done for the whole batch. If one HTTP request fails, then all of the logs in the respective batch will be resent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Even though the `out-sequentialhttp` plugin sends out logs one-by-one, retry is still done for the whole batch. If one HTTP request fails, then all of the logs in the respective batch will be re-sent.
```

- Have a look at the [guidelines for the NOTE/CAUTION/TIP panels](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/04-formatting.md#panels)
- `re-sent` is spelled with a hyphen as [`resent`](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/resent) is another word meaning "dislike" or "feel angry".

Author: I see, thanks for correcting it ;)
